# Defending-Against-Spam-A-Comparison-Between-Random-Forest-and-Naive-Bayes-Algorithm
The term “spam” refers to unsolicited bulk email; this mail usually has malicious intent to phish personal information or receive money from the recipient. Computing professionals acknowledged this matter and noticed a need for an automated email filtration system. The effects of spam and phishing have prompted the creation and use of classification algorithms to reduce the number of victims phished. Commonly used spam detection algorithms include Naïve Bayes and Random Forest. The Random Forest classification algorithm outperforms the Naïve Bayes with a 94 percent detection accuracy. This accuracy concludes the need for computing professionals to use Random Forest when faced with a spam detection matter. Though Random Forest is robust, attackers continue to profit off the six percent of emails not detected. These remaining attacks create a need to implement alternate actions, such as government regulation and modification of designs. The United States has few restrictions on email spam, and frequently companies and spammers work around the loose guidelines. Professionals argue that computing research and programmers must increase focus on security to reduce attacks on the public. Pre-planning for potential abuse hinders the damage caused by attackers. Without updated policies and practices, the sole reliance on the high accuracy of classification algorithms will cause stagnation in increasing spam defense.
